TicTacNode-AI
=============

AI program for the TicTacNode project.

###Compiling Instructions:
This project requires libcurl, Boost::Thread, Boost::PropertyTree, and Boost::Foreach. On Mac OSX and 
Linux these can be installed from your package manager. If, on OSX, you do not have a package manager, we recommend 
installing Homebrew (http://brew.sh/), as it will make installing dependencies much easier.
 Support is not currently available for Windows.

If you are compiling from the source (i.e. not from the primary release package) please see "Compiling from Source" below.

First extract the tar.gz archive, then, in a POSIX shell, run the following commands from the directory in which this README is located:
```bash
$ ./configure
$ make
```
This will compile a binary called "tictacnode_ai" in the src subdirectory. If you wish to be able to 
run this AI 
from anywhere in your shell, then run the command:
```bash
$ sudo make install
```
from the same directory after running the previous two commands.

To clean up the extra files generated by ./configure and make, run:
```bash
$ make clean
```

###Compiling from Source
If you are not compiling from an official release, you need to begin by installing the GNU Autotools: automake, autoconf, and libtool. 
You still must run the commands listed above, but should first run:
```bash
$ autoreconf --install
```

###Usage:
The AI is run from the command line as follows:
```bash
$ tictacnode_ai [hostname] [ai_name]
```

The hostname is an optional argument which takes a URL pointing to an instance of the TicTacNode 
server. If no port number is supplied, it will default to 80. If left blank, the host will default to 
"vm1.razoft.net:1337".

The ai_name is another optional argument which takes a string saying the name you wish the AI to use 
when connecting to the server. If no name is supplied, it will default to "ColinAI".
